Clean the pyqgis nitpick list from conf.py file (#3687)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/pyqgis_developer_cookbook/server.rst

the client), this is normally done after core services have finished their process
and after responseComplete hook was called, but in a few cases XML can become so
huge that a streaming XML implementation was needed (WFS GetFeature is one of them),

> in this case, :meth:`sendResponse <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.sendResponse>` is called multiple times before the response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in this case, :meth:`sendResponse <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.sendResponse>` is
called multiple times before the response
```

> is complete (and before :meth:`responseComplete <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.responseComplete>` is called). The obvious consequence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is complete (and before
:meth:`responseComplete <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.responseComplete>` is called).
The obvious consequence
```

> is that :meth:`sendResponse <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.sendResponse>` is normally called once but might be exceptionally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is that :meth:`sendResponse <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.sendResponse>` is
normally called once but might be exceptionally
```

called multiple times and in that case (and only in that case) it is also called
before :meth:`responseComplete <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.responseComplete>`.

> :meth:`sendResponse <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.sendResponse>` is the best place for direct manipulation of core service’s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`sendResponse <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.sendResponse>` is the best place
for direct manipulation of core service’s
```

> output and while :meth:`responseComplete <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.responseComplete>` is typically also an option,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output and while :meth:`responseComplete <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.responseComplete>`
is typically also an option,
```

> :meth:`sendResponse <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.sendResponse>` is the only viable option  in case of streaming services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`sendResponse <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.sendResponse>` is the only
viable option  in case of streaming services.
```

responseComplete
----------------

This is called once when core services (if hit) finish their process and the
request is ready to be sent to the client. As discussed above, this is normally

> called before :meth:`sendResponse <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.sendResponse>` except for streaming services (or other plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
called before :meth:`sendResponse <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.sendResponse>`
except for streaming services (or other plugin
```

> filters) that might have called :meth:`sendResponse <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.sendResponse>` earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filters) that might have called
:meth:`sendResponse <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.sendResponse>` earlier.
```

> :meth:`responseComplete <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.responseComplete>` is the ideal place to provide new services implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`responseComplete <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter.responseComplete>` is the
ideal place to provide new services implementation
```

A server plugin is a standard QGIS Python plugin as described in
:ref:`developing_plugins`, that just provides an additional (or alternative)
interface: a typical QGIS desktop plugin has access to QGIS application

> through the :class:`QgisInterface <qgis.gui.QgisInterface>` instance, a server plugin has also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
through the :class:`QgisInterface <qgis.gui.QgisInterface>` instance, a server
plugin has also
```

This file is required by Python's import system. Also, QGIS Server requires that this
file contains a :func:`serverClassFactory()` function, which is called when the
plugin gets loaded into QGIS Server when the server starts. It receives reference to instance of

> :class:`QgsServerInterface <qgis.server.QgsServerInterface>` and must return instance of your plugin's class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`QgsServerInterface <qgis.server.QgsServerInterface>` and must return instance
of your plugin's class.
```

A server plugin typically consists in one or more callbacks packed into objects called QgsServerFilter.

> Each :class:`QgsServerFilter <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter>` implements one or more of the following callbacks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each :class:`QgsServerFilter <qgis.server.QgsServerFilter>` implements one or more
of the following callbacks:
```

            self.serverIface = serverIface
            serverIface.registerFilter( HelloFilter, 100 )

> The second parameter of :meth:`registerFilter <qgis.server.QgsServerInterface.registerFilter>` allows to set a priority which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second parameter of
:meth:`registerFilter <qgis.server.QgsServerInterface.registerFilter>` sets a priority which
```

defines the order for the callbacks with the same name (the lower priority is
invoked first).

By using the three callbacks, plugins can manipulate the input and/or the output
of the server in many different ways. In every moment, the plugin instance has
access to the :class:`QgsRequestHandler <qgis.server.QgsRequestHandler>` through 

> the :class:`QgsServerInterface <qgis.server.QgsServerInterface>`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :class:`QgsServerInterface <qgis.server.QgsServerInterface>`.
```

> the :class:`QgsRequestHandler <qgis.server.QgsRequestHandler>` has plenty of methods that can be used to alter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`QgsRequestHandler <qgis.server.QgsRequestHandler>` class has plenty of
methods that can be used to alter
```

This file is required by Python's import system. As for all QGIS server plugins, this
file contains a :func:`serverClassFactory()` function, which is called when the

> plugin gets loaded into QGIS Server when the server starts. It receives reference to instance of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plugin gets loaded into QGIS Server at startup. It receives a reference to an instance of
```

> :class:`QgsServerInterface <qgis.server.QgsServerInterface>` and must return instance of your plugin's class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`QgsServerInterface <qgis.server.QgsServerInterface>` and must return an instance
of your plugin's class.
```

Limit the access to the layer.

> Return an object of type :meth:`QgsAccessControlFilter.LayerPermissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return an object of type :meth:`LayerPermissions
```

> <qgis.server.QgsAccessControlFilter.layerPermissions>`, who has the properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<qgis.server.QgsAccessControlFilter.layerPermissions>`, which has the properties:
```

* :attr:`canRead <qgis.server.QgsAccessControlFilter.LayerPermissions.canRead>`

>   to see him in the ``GetCapabilities`` and have read access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to see it in the ``GetCapabilities`` and have read access.
```
